Welcome back I hope you were able to solve the challenge.
Let's go over together and I'll give you my solution to it.
This is a pretty simple challenge but it's important that you get it because we have to be able to compile
build link and run.
Obviously we don't want any compiler errors we don't want any compiler warnings.
So let's start here.
What I've done is I've created a challenge solution project based on the template and here's my main
CPPCC just a simple hello world.
So this is the one I'm going to modify.
All right.
So let me change a little bit of this and to get rid of that statement right here and we'll totally
start from scratch.
I remember we need to include the IO stream library.
This is how we do input and output.
This is how we do our scenes in RC outs.
So first thing I want to do is I want to prompt the user I want to say as TDD to call INS and see out
and there is my insertion operator I'm just going to simply say enter your favorite number
between let's say 100 and we'll put a call in there and a semi-colon on the end that will prompt the
user.
Now we want to be able to read that number from the user.
Remember when we read something we need to store it somewhere.
So we need to store that in a variable.
In this case it's going to be a whole number so we're going to use an integer so I'm just going to say
it.
Favorite number just like we did with that first program we run.
So that's my favorite number.
Perfect.
Now I can read into that variable so I can say as t d from CN.
I want to extract some you see the operator going the other way into favorite number.
OK so at this point I've prompted the user they've typed in a number I've read that number and I store
that number in this favorite number variable right here.
Last thing to do is to print out those two statements so for someone to say seek out
and I'll say amazing.
That's my favorite number two.
And we'll print a new line here so we can go to the next line let's say and.
Followed by a semi-colon and this is the only difference now between this program and the one that we
were previously.
We want to be able to display the number say no really whatever you entered was.
Where is my favorite number.
So in this case let's do that again with us today and we'll do again see out and we're going to right
to that stream and I'll say no really
and I put a comma here followed by a space because we want this to be spaced out nicely and I'll show
you what the problems may be if you don't do that in a second.
And at this point we're going to insert our favorite number right in here.
And we'll do another insertion operator remember we can stream all these things together we do as many
as we want and we'll say space is my favorite number
and we'll finish it off with the new line.
Let's try that.
We're up to build run and build the next hit.
We get a clean compile and it's running into your favorite number between 1 and 100 and say it's 10.
Amazing.
That's my favorite number too.
No really.
10 is my favorite number.
Perfect.
That's exactly what we wanted to solve.
Now the reason that I put in these little spaces here is because I say I don't put that space in there
and I don't put the space in here just like that.
Now let's run this again.
Now you can see that the output is not going to look right.
So in this case say it's attempt in 25 and you could see amazing.
That's my favorite number two that's fine.
But now look.
No really common 25.
No space between 25 and the little eye for the lowercase I for is my favorite number so you can see
that the output doesn't really look very nice.
So all we're doing is just formatting it.
We'll talk more about writing to streams and using manipulators so that we can really get more fine
grained control of what we want this to look like.
But for now we could just put spaces right in here and we'll try that again build and run.
My favorite number is 10 though really 10 is my favorite number.
Perfect.
So that's it.
And that's that's the solution to this challenge.
So I said it's a pretty simple challenge but there's a lot of pieces here that come together in the
next few sections We'll talk about the structure of the C++ program as well as variables.
We'll talk a lot about variables how we declare them how we define them how we initialize them and how
we use them.
But you got a taste of it here.